Update UI change (#104823)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory/authentication/howto-registration-mfa-sspr-combined.md

   ![Enable the combined security info experience for users](media/howto-registration-mfa-sspr-combined/enable-the-combined-security-info.png)

> > [!IMPORTANT]
> > If your Azure tenant has already been enabled for combined registration, you might not see again the configuration option for **Users can use the combined security information registration experience** or even see it greyed out.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > [!IMPORTANT]
   > If your Azure tenant has already been enabled for combined registration, you might not see the configuration option for **Users can use the combined security information registration experience** or even see it grayed out.

```
